doc: update some xml elements description (#4338)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/acrn_configuration_tool.rst

``guest_flags``:

>   Select all applicable flags for the VM.

Reviewer: Is there a list of all flags possible somewhere that we could reference here?

``severity``:

>   Severity of the guest VM.

Reviewer: Can we indicate the range and type, i.e. `from 1 to 6' with 1 being the lowest priority` (or if there is a design doc we can reference, this would be good too).

``vcpu_affinity``:

>   vCPU affinity map. Each vCPU will pin to the selected pCPU ID. A different vCPU cannot pin to the same pCPU.

Reviewer: Is this still true with `cpu_sharing`?

Reviewer: @deb-intel wouldn't be better to say "will be mapped to" instead of "will pin to"?

Reviewer 2: @gvancuts Yes, I agree.

``clos``:

>   Class of Service for Cache Allocation Technology. Refer to the SDM 17.19.2 for details and use with caution.

Reviewer: Why "use with caution"? Can we add (a few) simple words as to what to pay attention to?

> ``start_hpa`` under parent of ``memory``:

Reviewer: Is this a common formulation: "under parent of"? It sounds odd to me but perhaps it's standard practice to formulate this this way.

Author: here "start_hpa" is child element, "memory" is its parent element.

Reviewer: Thanks @jsun26intel , it's the way it is written that I found odd, would it still be accurate to say something like "`start_hpa` (a child node of `memory`)"? If so, would it sound better (English-wise)?

``name`` under parent of ``os_config``:

>   Specify the OS name of VM; currently, it is not referenced by the hypervisor code.

Reviewer: Is that OS name of VM name?

Author: It's the OS name. For example, "Ubuntu 18.04", "ClearLinux xxxxx". Currently it is not used, but it might be used in the future if hypervisor have specific operation for specific OS.

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification!

``kern_type`` under parent of ``os_config``:
  Specify the kernel image type so that the hypervisor can load it correctly.

>   Currently supports KERNEL_BZIMAGE and KERNEL_ZEPHYR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Currently supports ``KERNEL_BZIMAGE`` and ``KERNEL_ZEPHYR``.
```

``irq`` under parent of ``vuart``:
  vCOM irq.

> ``target_vm_id`` under parent of ``vuart`` id 1:

Reviewer: So is it only valid for the `vuart` parent of VM ID #1 (which would be the service VM then?)

Author: no, here the parent is vuart id 1, i.e. vuart1.

Reviewer: Can we use this phrasing instead then?
```suggestion
``target_vm_id`` under parent of ``vuart1``:
```

``irq`` under parent of ``vuart``:
  vCOM irq.

``target_vm_id`` under parent of ``vuart`` id 1:
  COM2 is used for VM communications. When it is enabled, specify which target VM the current VM connects to.

> ``target_uart_id`` under parent of ``vuart`` id 1:

Reviewer: Same request here:
```suggestion
``target_uart_id`` under parent of ``vuart1``:
```

  Specify the User VM with its relative ID to Service VM by the "id" attribute.

``uos_type``:

>   Specify the User VM type, such as ``CLEARLINUX``, ``ANDROID``, or ``VXWORKS``.

Reviewer: I also see other types such as `ALIOS`, `PREEMPT-RT LINUX`, `WINDOWS`, `ZEPHYR` and `GENERIC LINUX`. Shouldn't these be mentionned here for completeness?

  Specify the User VM memory size in Mbyte.

``gvt_args``:

>   GVT argument for the VM. Recommendation is: 64 448 8. Leave it blank to disable the GVT.

Reviewer: Do we need to enclose these numbers in quotes? (The `-G` parameter from `acrn-dm` takes it as `"64 448 8"` if I'm not mistaking).

I would also mention here that these arguments mean: `low_gm_size, high_gm_size, fence_sz`

```suggestion
  GVT arguments for the VM. Recommendation is: 64 448 8. Leave it blank to disable the GVT.
```

Author: the tool will help to add quotes automatically.

``vbootloader``:
  Virtual bootloader type; currently only supports OVMF.

``cpu_sharing``:

>   Specify whether the binding pCPUs are sharing with other VMs.

Reviewer: I don't quite parse this sentence easily. How about:
```suggestion
  Specify whether the pCPUs listed can be shared with other VMs.
```

``vuart0``:

>   Specify whether need device model to emulate vUART0(vCOM1); refer to :ref:`vuart_config` for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Specify whether the device model emulates the vUART0(vCOM1); refer to :ref:`vuart_config` for details.
```

Reviewer 2: @gvancuts Please review this update (and the next two).

Reviewer: That makes sense to me now, and I like it very much that there is a pointer to additional documentation on the topic.

>   If it is Enable, means the vUART0 is emulated by device model;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If set to Enable, the vUART0 is emulated by the device model;
```

Reviewer: Can you also enclose "Enable" in double backticks (so it appears as code)?

>   If it is Disable, hypervisor would emulate vUART0 if it is configured in scenario XML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If set to Disable, the vUART0 is emulated by the hypervisor if it is configured in the scenario XML.
```

Reviewer: Same request about using double-backticks for "Disable"

``poweroff_channel``:
  Specify whether the User VM power off channel is through the IOC, Powerbutton, or vUART.

``usb_xhci``:

>   USB xHCI mediator configuration. Input format: bus#-port#[:bus#-port#: ...]. e.g.: 1-2:2-4

Reviewer: How about adding a reference to `usb_virtualization` here for more details?

Reviewer: Thanks!

  Specify the User VM memory size in Mbyte.

``gvt_args``:

>   GVT arguments for the VM. Input format: low_gm_size high_gm_size fence_sz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  GVT arguments for the VM. Input format: ``low_gm_size high_gm_size fence_sz``.
```

  Recommendation is: 64 448 8. Leave it blank to disable the GVT.

``vbootloader``:
  Virtual bootloader type; currently only supports OVMF.

``cpu_sharing``:
  Specify whether the pCPUs listed can be shared with other VMs.

``vuart0``:
  Specify whether the device model emulates the vUART0(vCOM1); refer to :ref:`vuart_config` for details.
  If set to ``Enable``, the vUART0 is emulated by the device model;
  If set to ``Disable``, the vUART0 is emulated by the hypervisor if it is configured in scenario XML.

``poweroff_channel``:
  Specify whether the User VM power off channel is through the IOC, Powerbutton, or vUART.

``usb_xhci``:
  USB xHCI mediator configuration. Input format: bus#-port#[:bus#-port#: ...]. e.g.: 1-2:2-4
  refer to :ref:`usb_virtualization` for details.

``passthrough_devices``:
  Select the passthrough device from the lspci list; currently we support:
  usb_xdci, audio, audio_codec, ipu, ipu_i2c, cse, wifi, Bluetooth, sd_card,
  ethernet, wifi, sata, and nvme.

``network`` under parent of ``virtio_devices``:
  The virtio network device setting.

>   Input format: tap_name,[vhost],[mac=XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Input format: ``tap_name,[vhost],[mac=XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX]``
```

``block`` under parent of ``virtio_devices``:
  The virtio block device setting.

>   Input format: [blk partition:][img path] e.g.: /dev/sda3:./a/b.img device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Input format: ``[blk partition:][img path]`` e.g.: ``/dev/sda3:./a/b.img`` device.
```

``console`` under parent of ``virtio_devices``:
  The virtio console device setting.

>   Input format: [@]stdio|tty|pty|sock:portname[=portpath][,[@]stdio|tty|pty:portname[=portpath]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Input format: ``[@]stdio|tty|pty|sock:portname[=portpath][,[@]stdio|tty|pty:portname[=portpath]]``
```
